
{
    "Medicines": [
        {
            "Name": "Acarbose",
            "What is this medicine used for?": "Acarbose is used to control your diabetes by stopping the quick rise in blood sugar after a meal.",
            "How should I take the medicine?": "Do not stop taking your medicines without checking with your doctors. You should follow the dose on the medicine label and take the medicine regularly and exactly as what your doctor or pharmacist tells you.Take this medicine with the first mouthful of food or just before eating.If you missed a dose, skip the dose you missed.If it is almost time for your next dose, take only the usual dose. Do not double your dose or use extra medicine to make up for the missed dose. Do not take acarbose between your meals.",
            "What are the possible side effects of the medicine?": "The most common side effect with the use of diabetes medicines is low blood sugar. If you take diabetes medicines but do not eat on time, your blood sugar may become too low. Low blood sugar levels might also happen if you do not eat well.Symptoms of low blood sugar are weakness, dizziness, hunger, sweating, trembling, blurred vision, unsteady walk or fast heartbeat.",
            "what should I do": "If you experience any of these low blood sugar symptoms, do the following immediately: Step 1: Take 15 grams of sugar. The following are examples of 15 grams of sugar. 3 glucose tablets or Half a glass of fruit juice 4 teaspoons of sugar, honey or syrup. Do note that if you are taking acarbose tablets, cane sugar, brown sugar and raw sugar will not help reduce the symptoms of low blood sugar. Step 2:  You should feel better in about 15 minutes. If you have a home blood sugar meter, you should check your blood sugar level. Step 3: If your blood sugar level is less than 4mmol/L or you still have symptoms of low blood sugar, you should repeat step 1 from above. If your symptoms still do not get better, see a doctor or go to the hospital immediately.Stomach discomfort / Bloating or gas / Diarrhoea These symptoms may happen but should get better over time. Check with your doctor if any of these symptoms are serious or do not go away.",
            "How do I know if I am allergic to this medicine?": "The symptoms of a drug allergy include one or more of the following: Swollen face/eyes/lips. OR.  Difficulty in breathing. OR. Itchy skin rashes over your whole body. If you experience any of these symptoms, you should stop your medicine immediately and see your doctor.",
            "What precautions should I follow when taking the medicine?": "Before taking the medicines, inform your doctor if: you are allergic to this medicine or any other medicines you are taking other prescription and non-prescription medicines you have a heart condition, kidney or liver problem you are pregnant or planning to get pregnant you are breastfeeding If you drink alcohol without eating, it may cause  a very low blood sugar level. Your blood sugar levels should be tested with a home blood sugar meter as instructed by your healthcare professional. If you visit another doctor, do inform him that you are taking medicines for diabetes. If your doctor informed you that you need to do a fasting blood test, do not take your diabetes medicine until after you have had your blood taken and are ready to eat. If you are eating less because you are sick, have a surgery or changed diet, please inform your doctor as there may be a need to adjust your medicines"
            ,"How should I store the medicine?": "Keep your medicines in the original container or packaging, tightly closed or sealed in a cool and dry place, away from direct sunlight."

        },
        {
            "Name":"Insulin",
            "What is this medicine used for": "Insulin is used to treat diabetes. The insulin preparations that are available in Singapore are mostly human insulin that is made from biotechnological methods. "
            ,"How should i take the medicine?": "Do not stop insulin without checking with your doctors. Insulin should be used as instructed by the nurse or the pharmacist. The insulin preparations are available in vials, cartridges or penfills and disposable pens."
            ,"How to select an injection site": "Insulin should be injected into the fatty tissue that is between the skin and muscle layer. Where you inject is important as the absorption of insulin is different depending on where it is injected. Abdomen - Fastest absorption  rate. Arm –Intermediate absorption rate.Thigh and buttock -Slowest absorption rate. Choose an injection site as recommended by your doctor, nurse or pharmacist and do not change sites. You should rotate the injection site within the same area to prevent your body from forming “ fatty lumps”  or “hollow areas”. Do not inject insulin in the areas that are actively used during exercise. For example, you should not inject insulin in your arms or thighs when you play tennis. "   
            ,"How to with draw a single type of insulin from an insulin vial":"1. Wash and dry your hands. 2. Roll the insulin vial gently between the palms of your hand. This mixes the insulin and warms it to body temperature to reduce the pain when you inject. 3. If you’re using a new vial of insulin, remove the coloured cap. Clean the rubber stopper on the insulin vial with an alcohol swab. 4. Remove the cap from the syring. 5.Draw air into the syringe by pulling the plunger down. The amount of air you draw in should be equal to the amount of insulin you are prescribed with. 6. Place the insulin vial upright and insert the needle into the rubber stopper on the vial. Push the plunger down.This pushes air into the vial and makes it easier to withdraw insulin out of the vial. 7.Turn the vial and syringe upside down. Slowly pull the plunger down to about 5 units more than the dose you need.Look for any bubbles in the syringe. 7a.If there are no bubbles, push the top of the plunger tip up to the line which shows the dose you need to inject. 7b.If you see air bubbles in the syringe, remove them by flicking or tapping the syringe at the bubble with your finger. When the air bubbles rise to the top of the syringe, push the plunger tip up to the line which shows the dose you need to inject. 7c.It is important to get the air bubbles out of the syringe so that you have a correct amount of insulin. 8.Remove the syringe from the vial. You are now ready to give the injection"
            ,"How to withdraw two types of insulin from an insulin vial":"1.Wash and dry your hand 2.Roll the insulin vial gently between the palms of your hand. This mixes the insulin and warms it to body temperature to reduce the pain when you inject. 3. Remove the coloured cap of a new vial. Clean the rubber stopper on the insulin vial with an alcohol swab.4.Remove the cap from the syringe. 5.Draw air into the syringe by pulling the plunger down. The amount of air you draw in should be equal to the amount of cloudy insulin you are prescribed with. 6.Insert the needle into the cloudy insulin and inject the air into the cloudy insulin vial. Do not draw out the cloudy insulin yet. Take the empty syringe out of cloudy insulin vial. 7.Using the same syringe, draw in air equal to the amount of clear insulin you need.8.Insert the needle into the clear insulin vial and inject the air into the clear insulin vial. 9.Without removing the syringe from the clear insulin vial, withdraw the amount of clear insulin you need.Turn the vial and syringe upside down. Slowly pull the plunger down to about 5 units more than the dose you require. Look for any bubbles in the syringe. 9a.If there are no bubbles, push the top of the plunger tip up to the line which shows the dose you needto inject. 9b.If you see air bubbles in the syringe, remove them by flicking or tapping the syringe at the bubble with your finger. When the air bubbles rise to the top of the syringe, push the plunger tip up to the line which shows the dose you need to inject. 9c.It is important to get the air bubbles out of the syringe so that you have a correct amount of insulin. 10.Remove the needle and insert the needle intothe vial of cloudy insulin.-Do not push in the plunger as this would inject clear insulin into the cloudy insulin vial.- Add up the amount of clear and cloudy insulin you need. This is the total number of insulin units you need for your injection. Take note of this amount. -To prevent air bubbles from forming, slowly pull back the plunger to the total number of insulin units you need."
            ,"Giving an injection with a syringe":"1.Select a clean site to inject and clean the injection site with soap and water. 2.Firmly pinch up a large area of skin in the abdomen with your thumb and index finger. Hold the syringe with your other hand. Push the needle all the way in, at an angle of 90 degrees to the skin.3.Inject the insulin by pushing the plunger all the way down slowly with your index finger. Wait for a few seconds before removing the needle and releasing the pinched skin 4. If slight bleeding occurs, gently press over the injection site for a few seconds. 5.Do not rub the injected area as this may cause the insulin to be absorbed too quickly 6.Throw the syringe away properly in a container that cannot be punctured."
            ,"What are the possible side effects of the medicine?":"The most common side effect with the use of insulin is low blood sugar. If you inject insulin but do not eat on time, your blood sugar may become too low. Low blood sugar levels might also happen if you do not eat well or if you drink alcohol on an empty stomach while injecting insulin. Symptoms of low blood sugar are weakness, dizziness, hunger, sweating,  trembling, blurred vision, unsteady walk or fast heartbeat.If you experience any of these low blood sugar symptoms, do the following immediately: Step 1: Take 15 grams of sugar. The following are examples of 15 grams of sugar. -3 glucose tablets or Half a glass of fruit juice or 2 –4 teaspoons of sugar, honey or syrup Step 2:  You should feel better in about 15 minutes. If you have a home blood sugar meter, you should check your blood sugar level. Step 3: If your blood sugar level is less than 4mmol/L or you still have symptoms of low blood sugar, you should repeat step 1 from above. If your symptoms still do not get better, see a doctor or go to the hospital immediately. Other side effects -Weight gain or “fatty lumps” or “hollow areas” from injecting at the same site without rotation Redness, itching or swelling at the injection site"
            ,"How do I know if I am allergic to this medicine?":"The symptoms of a drug allergy include one or more of the following: -Swollen face/eyes/lips -Difficulty in breathing-Itchy skin rashes over your whole bodyIf you experience any of these symptoms, you should stop your medicine immediately and see your doctor. "
            ,"What precautions should I follow when taking the medicine?":"Insulin should only be used when prescribed by a doctor and any changes in your insulin dose should be advised by your doctor. If your doctor informed you that you need to do a fasting blood test, do not inject insulin until after you have had your blood taken and are ready to eat"
            ,"How should I store the medicine?":"Unopened insulin vials should be stored in the lower compartment of the refrigerator, away from the freezer. Frozen insulin should never be used. -The vial that you are currently using can be kept at room temperature for up to 4 weeks. Do not keep insulin in a hot place (e.g. in a hot, closed vehicle, on top of a television set) or expose it to heat or sunlight. Insulin that is exposed to direct sunlight for too long might slowly affect the insulin and give it a yellow-brown colour. Do not use the insulin if this happens.-Keep the medicine out of reach of children.-Throw away all expired medicines."
            
        },
        {
            "Name":"Aspirin",
            "What is the medicine used for?":"Aspirin is used for treating pain, fever, joint pain and other types of inflammation. It may also be used to reduce the risk of heart attack and stroke."
            ,"How should I take the medicine?":"Do not stop taking your medicines without checking with your doctors. -If you miss a dose, take the missed dose as soon as you remember. If it is almost time for your next dose, take only the usual dose. Do not double your dose or use extra medicine to make up for the missed dose. You should take your medicine after a meal to prevent stomach upset. Do not take aspirin with alcohol as it may irritate your stomach. How you take aspirin depends on the brand and type of aspirin the doctor gives you: -For tablets which can be chewed: Take with food or glass of water or milk. These tablets may be chewed or swallowed whole. The solution may also be used as a gargle. Please check with your pharmacist on how to use it as a gargle. -For tablets which enteric coated: -Enteric coated forms of aspirin reduce stomach upset that is caused by the medicine. Take with a glass of water after food. These tablets should be swallowed whole. Do not crush or chew the medicine. -For Tablets which need to be dissolved in water (effervescent):You should dissolve a tablet in one glass of cool boiled water and drink it after food"
            ,"What are the possible side effects of the medicine?":"Call your doctor right away if you have any of these side-effects:-Severe stomach pain. -Bloody vomit or vomit that looks like coffee grounds. -Blood in the stools or urine. -Severe dizziness or drowsiness. -Ringing in the ears. Talk to your doctor if you have problems with these less serious side-effects: Stomach upset or Heartburn"
            ,"How do I know if I am allergic to this medicine?":"The symptoms of a drug allergy include one or more of the following: -Swollen face/eyes/lips-Difficulty in breathing-Itchy skin rashes over your whole body.If you experience any of these symptoms, you should stop your medicine immediately and see your doctor. "
            ,"What precautions should I follow when taking the medicine?":"Before using the medicine, let your doctor know if you are: -Allergic to aspirin or other painkillers, for example ibuprofen, naproxen, mefenamic acid, diclofenac, indomethacin -Pregnant or breast-feeding  -Taking other medicines, for example, other painkillers and “blood thinners” (e.g. warfarin).-Other medical problems: such as Appendicitis (inflammation of the appendix resulting in sharp pain on the lower right abdomen, nausea, fever, loss of appetite or stomach cramps) -Blood clotting disorders -Stomach and intestines problems such as stomach ulcer. Keep to your doctor’s regular appointment when taking aspirin, especially if long term or a high dose aspirin is prescribed. If you are going for a surgical operation, including dental procedures, please inform your doctor or dentist as the medicine may need to be stopped temporarily before the procedure to prevent excessive bleeding. There are several medicines that interact with aspirin. Please consult your doctor or pharmacist before taking any other medicines, including over-the-counter medicines, vitamins, nutritional supplements or herbal products.  "
            ,"How should I store the medicine?":"Keep your medicines in the original container or packaging, tightly closed or sealed in a cool and dry place, away from direct sunlight.-Keep the medicine out of reach of children.-Throw all expired medicines."
        }

    ]
}
